inurl:id=
inurl:page=
inurl:cat=
inurl:category=
inurl:product=
inurl:view=
inurl:user=
inurl:account=
inurl:file=
inurl:document=
inurl:item=
inurl:news=
inurl:article=
inurl:id=1
inurl:id='
inurl:pid=1
inurl:pid='
inurl:uid=1
inurl:uid='
inurl:num=1
inurl:num='
inurl:page=1
inurl:page='
inurl:item=1
inurl:item='
filetype:php
ext:php
filetype:asp
ext:asp
filetype:aspx
ext:aspx
filetype:jsp
ext:jsp
filetype:cfm
ext:cfm
filetype:pl
ext:pl
filetype:cgi
ext:cgi
filetype:admin
ext:admin
filetype:login
ext:login
filetype:wp-admin
ext:wp-admin
filetype:administrator
ext:administrator
filetype:ini
ext:ini
filetype:conf
ext:conf
filetype:config
ext:config
filetype:bak
ext:bak
filetype:old
ext:old
filetype:temp
ext:temp
site:.edu.gh inurl:index.php?id=
site:.edu.gh inurl:login.php
site:.gov.gh inurl:index.php?id=
site:.gov.gh inurl:login.php
site:.com.gh inurl:index.php?id=
site:.com.gh inurl:login.php
site:.edu.ng inurl:index.php?id=
site:.edu.ng inurl:login.php
site:.gov.ng inurl:index.php?id=
site:.gov.ng inurl:login.php
site:.com.ng inurl:index.php?id=
site:.com.ng inurl:login.php
site:.edu.ke inurl:index.php?id=
site:.edu.ke inurl:login.php
site:.go.ke inurl:index.php?id=
site:.go.ke inurl:login.php
site:.co.ke inurl:index.php?id=
site:.co.ke inurl:login.php
site:.ac.za inurl:index.php?id=
site:.ac.za inurl:login.php
site:.gov.za inurl:index.php?id=
site:.gov.za inurl:login.php
site:.co.za inurl:index.php?id=
site:.co.za inurl:login.php
site:.edu.in inurl:index.php?id=
site:.edu.in inurl:login.php
site:.gov.in inurl:index.php?id=
site:.gov.in inurl:login.php
site:.ac.in inurl:index.php?id=
site:.ac.in inurl:login.php
site:.edu.br inurl:index.php?id=
site:.edu.br inurl:login.php
site:.gov.br inurl:index.php?id=
site:.gov.br inurl:login.php
site:.com.br inurl:index.php?id=
site:.com.br inurl:login.php
inurl:wp-content
inurl:wp-includes
inurl:wp-admin
inurl:components/com_
inurl:templates/
inurl:sites/default/files
inurl:?q=user/password
inurl:index.php?id=
inurl:news.php?id=
inurl:article.php?id=
inurl:include.php?file=
inurl:page.php?file=
inurl:admin/login.php
inurl:admin/index.php